7/14/2023, 10pm EST/EDT.

A lot has happened, starting with this feature being added. Here is a list of newly added as well as planned features.
Firstly, I am bringing all the features from my other game, Final Arc, over to TOA. Below are those features, for the 
most part they've all already been added.


Current:

* Quick Shop, a shop menu that you can enable and disable ouside of battle at any time. This shop will contain just about
every item in the game with the exception of Quest Items. They'll all be the same price as if you were to buy or sell them
in any other shop within the game so make sure you have the money ready. This feature is limited since shop items do not 
refresh, I shall make it so the shop uses a conditional branch setup where it resets based on a set variable that is added
as you progress.

* Translocate, as you visit each available location throughout the game you may wish to revisit that location without having
to physically walk hundreds or even thousands of miles. With this feature, which can be accessed from the puase menu, you
may fast travel to each location you've been to and these locations start you at the entrance to these maps. Don't worry
to much though, as each location is unlocked as you transfer locations and or enter that location.

* Year Book & Clock, these two features add two things to the game. Year Book adds a real life calandar to the game that will
show special holidays and events in the world of the game. Meanwhile, the Clock adds a Real life clock to the map. This means
whatever time, day and year it is in real life it will be displayed in real time as you play the game.

* Extras, this is a menu option I've added with simple functionality. As you purchase DLC or new Episodes, you will have the
option of activating them in this menu. Its a simple CE (Common Event) using Text, Choices, Conditional Branches and 
Variables in order to give you new content that is technically already in the game but is unavailable to the player.
Sometimes, DLC may be nothing more than a simple Starter Pack or a Side Quest.


Planned:

* Fishing, while technically already added to the game by Default...I wish to expand on the feature. When I get around to
revamping this feature there are some things you can certainly expect.

1: Fishing spots will require different Rods but there won't be a bait requirement.
2: There will be a ton more options for the types of Fish you can actually catch as well as certain Fish can only be caught
in certain locations.
3: Fish will be able to be sold for money, eaten or used as an ingredient for meal preparation.

* Cooking, eventually I plan on adding the ability to cook food or even entire meals. In addition to this, I may even add
recipes to the game that you can buy in shops or discover throughout the world. To cook, all you need is a fire and the
correct ingredients. You can buy everything you need to be able to cook in stores all through out the world or within
The Fresh Onion, a shop that will work the same way Quick Shop does.

* Alignment System, your choices affect the world around you as well as how NPCs treat you. Such as being evil might make 
prices go up out of fear while being good may make prices drop to an all time low.

* Friendship & Marriage, self explainatory...but I'll elaborate anyways. Similar to Alignment, as you gain frienship with
NPCs you'll open up new possibilities such as new dialogue or even new Character Stories and if you get their friendship 
high enough you may even be able to marry them. Unfortunately, you may only be married to one Character. I may even see if
such a feature can be used with other players because while TOA isn't an MMO I'd like to maintain the feeling of an MMO
like environment.

* PvP, Sadly you may not get this feature for a really long time as the multiplayer plugin I use currently doesn't
support it without the use of AABS Z, we were supposed to of had PvP by now...but sadly we must wait a while longer.

* Day & Night Cycle, a full day and night cycle….that’s really all there is to this one.

* Camping, all throughout the world as you explore it you’ll come across camps that you can interact with. 
Using the tent will restore your health and make you well rested while the campfire can be used to cook food.

* Classes & Class Change Menu, in the original game long before the many reboots I had 8 playable classes to
choose from that could be changed at a special wardrobe in each major Town, City and Village...well I am
bring back the class system for TOA and rather than a wardrobe you'll change classes straight from the pause
menu. From now on, certain gear may require a specific class in order to be used.



7/19/2023, 12:39PM EST/EDT:

Not very many changes, I had managed to produce a demo but certain features weren't working so I had to make some bugfixes.